README.md, before:

# Kryptonite Bot

 A dynamic discord economy bot written in python.

# Features:

- Users can buy, sell, monitor and trade currency/cryptocurrency.

- Can transfer money among eachother as well.

- Cryptocurrencies are dynamically generated, and deleted

- Users can view the history of the currencies on a graph. 
- - (predictions made by the pc?)

# Commands
- ### User-based
- - bal
- - init
- - holdings
- - transfer
- - bank deposit/withdraw
- ### Crypto-based
- - buy/sell
- - view (name)
- - list currencies
- - history (1.1?)
- ### Other/lotto
- - lotto commands (higher, lower, betting etc) (1.1)
- - daily
- - help

# Todo:

- ### finish crypto features
- - can add shares to the total.
- - - will be automatically done every month (1.1)
 
- ### Experiment with currencies and their stability when trading with charts.
- - test with all the max constants(need to resolve the json issue)

- ### Add in the discord bot boilerplate.
- - Asyncronize the backend
- - cache currencies and relaod constants every minute
- - front end(lots of embeds)
- - - prob not in 1.0 
- - Crypto currency and "Other" functionality
- - - dynamically adds currencies 
- - - simulates them
- - protection against bots
- - make everything from floats to ints/100

- ### deploy to the rpi
- - backup script(for the database)
- - - log onscreen as well as to files?
- - - - or just other things to log? 
- - - have the pi use rsync and crontab?
- - - backup to my pc? local? cloud?

- ### Create webpages (not in 1.0)
- - show info on any currency
- - show info on a user?
    
- ### Currency history can be seen via a visual graph (not in 1.0)

- ### Gambling features (not in 1.0, but will be added ASAP)

- ### Release v1.0

# Issues:
- at arbitrarily large values, python seems to round the numbers to '1e+X'
- - the issue seems to be json losing precision for higher values, but that wont be fixed by the initial release
- - idea: convert it to scientific notation?
- Cooldown message not appearing

Commit message:

bot is nearly ready. can clear db, cooldown error works, can add, and simulate currencies every min
we can clear the database(crypto). deleting users might be in 1.1 idk
other than that, changing constant values is important. general control commands are helpful.

cooldown errors now work and tell you how many seconds it will take to refresh

tasks now work. so we can add and simulatr currencies with ease.

other than that, nitpicked a few bugs like not caching properly(was appending the currency to the end when caching and messing up any iterations through crypto_cache) and not decrementing the num_holdings in the user class when verifying holdings.

next, we need to add in the help commands which will act as documentation and also ensure we can change constants and maybe users

README.md, after:

# Kryptonite Bot

 A dynamic discord economy bot written in python.

# Features:

- Users can buy, sell, monitor and trade currency/cryptocurrency.

- Can transfer money among eachother as well.

- Cryptocurrencies are dynamically generated, and deleted

- Users can view the history of the currencies on a graph. 
- - (predictions made by the pc?)

# Commands
- ### User-based
- - bal
- - init
- - holdings
- - transfer
- - bank deposit/withdraw
- ### Crypto-based
- - buy/sell
- - view (name)
- - list currencies
- - history (1.1?)
- ### Other/lotto
- - lotto commands (higher, lower, betting etc) (1.1)
- - daily
- - help

# Todo:

- ### finish crypto features
- - can add shares to the total.
- - - will be automatically done every month (1.1)
 
- ### Experiment with currencies and their stability when trading with charts.
- - test with all the max constants(need to resolve the json issue) (1.1)

- ### Add in the discord bot boilerplate.
- - Asyncronize the backend (1.1)
- - - just the class methods 
- - cache currencies and relaod constants every minute
- - front end(lots of embeds (prob not in 1.0)
- Crypto currency and "Other" functionality
- - - help command
- - make everything from floats to ints/100

- ### deploy to the rpi
- - backup script(for the database)
- - - log onscreen as well as to files?
- - - - or just other things to log? 
- - - have the pi use rsync and crontab?
- - - backup to my pc? local? cloud?

- ### Create webpages (not in 1.0)
- - show info on any currency
- - show info on a user?
    
- ### Currency history can be seen via a visual graph (not in 1.0)

- ### Gambling features (not in 1.0, but will be added ASAP)

- ### Release v1.0

# Issues:
- at arbitrarily large values, python seems to round the numbers to '1e+X'
- - the issue seems to be json losing precision for higher values, but that wont be fixed by the initial release
- - idea: convert it to scientific notation?
- Cooldown message not appearing
